Initial version for WinWing CDU documentation (#273)
neilenns-projects/mobiflight-docs: content/joysticks/winwing/winwing-cdu/troubleshooting/_index.md

---
title: Troubleshooting
weight: 30

> ---

Reviewer: This should be a level higher in the hierarchy and be a dedicated page for all WINWING troublehshooting, not just CDU.

Author: I'm not sure, I expect very specific CDU issues, since that has all the Python stuff and the auto-load and so on.

#### I do not want MobiFlight to take over the CDU

> Disable it in **Extras->Settings->Peripherals**.

Reviewer: Information on how to disable should link to our existing guide on disabling joysticks, rather than just pointing to the menu item.

> To prevent MobiFlight from taking over the CDU, disable it by following the [disabling joysticks](/joysticks/disabling/) guide.

Reviewer: All headings in this file should be level two not level four, for consistency with our other troubleshooting guides.

Author: Changed headings to level two, but I think they look huge like that.

#### A Python message keeps popping up

> Install Python and needed packages exactly as described in the [guide](/guides/installing-python/). Or if no MobiFlight support is needed, disable the CDU in **Extras->Settings->Peripherals**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Python and needed packages exactly as described in the [guide](/guides/installing-python/). Or if no MobiFlight support is needed, disable the CDU by following the [disabling joysticks](/joysticks/disabling/) guide.
```

#### Plane xy does not work

> See the list of currently [supported aircraft](/joysticks/winwing/winwing-cdu/supported-aircraft/) and remarks on the planes.

Reviewer: I don't think this one is necessary.

Author: Should not be necessary, but we have so many users asking simple questions, that I thought it does not hurt adding it.

Reviewer: Hopefully the way it works is we direct people to the main landing page for the WINWING CDU and they go from there. Since the main page will have the supported planes on it, they'll see that right away without having to dig through troubleshooting info.

#### Buttons and LEDs do not work

> Button and LED support is not automatic. For each plane, a MobiFlight profile needs to be loaded. See [using pre-made profiles](/joysticks/winwing/premade-profiles/) or [create custom profiles](/joysticks/winwing/custom-profiles/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Button and LED support is not automatic. For each plane, a MobiFlight profile needs to be loaded. Use a [pre-made profile](/joysticks/winwing/premade-profiles/), or [create a custom profile](/joysticks/winwing/custom-profiles/).
```
